Add ADOPTERS.md for user list (#1903)
aws/karpenter: USERS.md

# Who is using Karpenter?
Karpenter has a variety of users and use cases for scaling Kubernetes.
Many customers want to learn from others who have already implemented Karpenter in their environments.

The following is a self-reported list of users to help identify adoption and points of contact.

## Community

> If you would like to ask question from the community please join the [Karpenter slack channel in the Kubernetes Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C02SFFZSA2K) or join the [Karpenter working group](WORKING_GROUP.md) and fort-nightly calls.

Reviewer: Definitely great use of fortnight here, but I think we should stick to bi-weekly so someone doesn't have to look it up. 
```suggestion
If you would like to ask question from the community please join the [Karpenter slack channel in the Kubernetes Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C02SFFZSA2K) or join the [Karpenter working group](WORKING_GROUP.md) bi-weekly calls.
```

## Add yourself as a user
If you are using Karpenter please consider adding yourself as a user by opening a pull request to this file.
If you are open to others contacting you about your use of Karpenter on Slack, add your Slack name as well.

### Example entry

* *Amazon, Inc.*
* Scaling production workloads and batch jobs in 4 regions
* [Introducing Karpenter](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/introducing-karpenter-an-open-source-high-performance-kubernetes-cluster-autoscaler/)
* `@Alex Kestner`, `@Ellis Tarn`

```
* *Company*
* Description of where Karpenter is used
* _Link to company or blog/details_ (optional)
* `slack user`, `email@company` (optional)
```

> ## Users (Alphabetically)

Reviewer: Hard to see in the preview if this works, but you can try this.
```suggestion
## Adopters

| Organization                      | Product/Project Name                                                   | Status                   | More Information                                                     |                K8s Slack Contact
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Amazon, Inc.                      | Use-Case                                               | Production               | [link](https://cs.console.aliyun.com/)                               |            `@Alex Kestner` and `@Ellis Tarn`
```

Reviewer 2: This redirects me to alibaba: https://cs.console.aliyun.com/

Reviewer: oops!
